nothing's really changed
since the last procedure jack's
retinopathy will not be reversed
his eyesight will not return i think i
might like girls
we love you no matter what okay
this is my friend aja hi hi deja
lee nice to meet you
[Music]
hello hi
hold on one second uncle mickey he got
in trouble in pennsylvania he's being
arrested and he gave them my number for
the bail money
no you don't have a campaign manager i
want the cake i'm happy to have you on
board jay once
are you sure that you want to go to the
grocery store now yeah i like home and
the store's not so crowded
i know you want to fix things fix me
but you and
your family it's just
too painful jack can't see but
my son is going to live a life without
limits okay look randall you're a very
nice guy but please don't call me again
i'm gonna marry her i didn't need you to
come i'm your brother's
son and i have come here for you how do
i know you
oh you were on a television show i think
it's time we got out of this place you
know
get into a home and start
a new chapter you want your husband back
yes well then we should get him back
hey mom it's kevin i got married uh to
sophie yeah
got married to sophie
hey what's up buddy what do you say give
me a pie there it is her daddy's world
i want more for her than you can offer i
will do everything i can do
stop this stay the hell away from my
wife
she mr pearson i have a daughter six
months old
i have full custody and my parents help
out with her sometimes
she is mr lawrence would you and your
wife like to
come to the house this weekend for
dinner i don't look at you
and see color and you don't see me that
she is 14. she's not seeing a boy who
puts babies in people
we are in lockstep
[Music]
you don't need to stick around here for
my court hearing yeah
no i really do need to stick around here
for your court hearing i told your vet
counselor that i would mr and mrs hodges
i'm
sorry for skipping school with malik but
i'm not sorry for yesterday because that
was the best day of my life
deja i'm sorry we haven't taken you to
see shauna i'd
actually like to invite her here
for thanksgivings my nephew came back
into my life
no matter how much i told him to scream
you should come to philly with me
for thanksgiving i'm not gonna go see
some doctor just because you're
overreacting i'm just worried that they
could
i said i'm fine mom randall
enough oh open up there you go
oh my this is well this is terrible
timing
katie did it he's eating it first solid
food buddy
i see it all so clearly i see myself
walking her down the aisle afterwards
coming over here
raising a toast to her and her husband
at the reception
i think it's time for you to get back to
la live your own life
you're never going to be good enough for
it jack say again
jack hey buckeye it was hot out there
and he just had a few too many
hey i think that's what's next for me
but by the time i'm 40 i'm gonna have a
wife
i'm gonna have a kid the whole shebang
you should probably date somebody first
i hate crossfit toby my crossfit group
text is going crazy
okay will you grab my phone
you don't seem like yourself today you
had a few
uh mix-ups
i think i need to see a doctor it
appears you have mild cognitive
impairment
things could begin to deteriorate i'm
sorry to keep asking you to keep this to
yourself
i get it you know when you had your
first breakdown
you thought that was gonna be the only
one i appreciate your concern but i'm
fine okay
i am worried that we are just one big
emotional thing from this bad i'm fine i
was supposed to end up in the super bowl
not watch it like you guys
what's your point kevin i'm gonna go to
selfies
what are you doing working outside in my
apartment can we go get a coffee
i'm engaged
i missed you baby oh beth and i just saw
practical magic oh i've been dying
but we're not 12 year old girls you
ready
when i look at our son it just makes me
sad
i booked us a few days away with jack i
had a retreat for
families with blind children you know i
mean i kept putting myself in these
obviously terrible situations because
i'm so
desperate to have this crazy love story
like what my parents had but maybe it's
just not in the cards for me
here
[Music]
he is reaching for the light the doctor
said that he might do that they might
start to see
light in shadows
[Music]
hey kid kevin and i'm just talking about
going out to the cabin
you want to join us
oh great it's been a hell of a week yeah
oh you want to waste your life just
working at a stupid job that's fine
but i have bigger plans i'm worried
about kate
can you do this can you be the man that
i need you to be can you be the father
that jack needs you to be you go to the
cabin and
leave jack here with me i'll take care
of him i need to spend time with my son
i think she's in trouble kev we have to
go get her
uh it's madison i slept with kevin oh
mom is suffering from cognitive
impairment
mom asked me not to tell you guys she
didn't want to add any more stress to
your plates
i've been anxious for so long beth
thinks i should see a therapist
maybe you should the brain mri revealed
shrinkage in the memory centers of the
brain likely due to
alzheimer's funny somehow all of this
bad news has sort of
freed me up carpe diem and all that and
my mother depends on me
i'm the only one who can take care of
her it's been that way a long time
but if i'm not the one who's taking care
of her who will please don't start
treating me any differently
i need the fun i need the laughs i need
that part of you
this could have saved their life don't
you ever wonder what it would have been
like if dad hadn't died
no i don't randall do you every single
day
i'm not gonna do that trial rambo and i
really don't want to hear what either of
you has to say about it because
i have made the decision for myself
ladies and gentlemen
jack damon
well mom whatever you want to do that's
what we'll do
i'm pregnant
[Music]
i'm going to ask you for something now
mom you have to do this clinical trial
[Music]
okay
jack yep i'm coming okay
hey tomorrow is my uh one year sober
my one year is also jack's birthday
i'll congratulate you tomorrow
we're having a baby today
[Music]
we're having a baby today miguel and i
have been doing the research
and i have decided to do
the clinical trial so
three weeks from now miguel and i are
moving to st louis it's nine months
morning baby morning dad
this new bay may be a lemon i haven't
been
the best version of myself this year
kate
i'm sorry but i am still here i'm saying
don't you think
our amazing little man
deserves a sibling the pearsons have a
pretty good track record with adoption
don't they
what boy or girl
boy or girl ma'am it's okay she's my
sister
it's a girl oh thank god
medicine this is your third appointment
alone
is there anyone you can
[Music]
i haven't told anyone what did you say
to mom to convince her to go to st
louis i know i did whatever i needed to
do to give my mother the best possible
children randall
randall hey what i needed to do to help
our mother
yeah regardless of what she wanted right
regardless of what she needed
hey sorry i'm late for the party i just
you know we made him pregnant kevin
i know i am a complete stranger to you i
am just your sister's friend and
okay i just i need a minute yeah no
i'm sorry just
[Music]
how dare you pretend that you give a
rat's ass about what anybody else wants
other than you this isn't about me
randall this is about you
because all i know is if i had been
there i would have walked through
literal fire and i would have pulled
that man out
hmm well kev i guess we'll never know
because you weren't there
i mean you're not even chasing dad's
shadow kevin you're chasing mine
but you'll never be him and you'll never
be me because hand to god randall the
worst thing that ever happened to me was
the day they brought you home
got a meeting to hit kevin
i'm so sick of chasing ghosts i'm all in
madison whatever you need i'm
all in
i want to be a father
it's twins kevin
hey baby are you okay
help my name is hope
[Music]
you